fix!: Relying Party - discovery_uri, removal of DPoP and random fragment for request and response endpoints (#176)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-solution.rst

2. the Wallet Instance extracts from the payload the ``client_id`` and the `request_uri` parameters;
3. the Wallet Instance establishes the Trust to the Relying Party by building the Federation Trust Chain. Implementations may evaluate the trust after having obtained the signed Request Object (see point 5);
4. the Wallet fetches the signed Request Object using an HTTP request with method GET to the endpoint provided in the ``request_uri`` parameter;
5. the Wallet verifies the signature of the signed Request Object and that its issuer matches the ``client_id`` obtained at the step number 2.
6. the Wallet checks the presence in the signed Request Object of the parameter `request_uri_method`, if this parameter is present and set with the ``post`` valueThe Wallet transmits its metadata to the request_uri endpoint of the Relying Party using an HTTP POST method and obtains an updated signed Request Object;
5. The Wallet Instance evaluates the requested PID/EAAs and checks the elegibility of the Relying Party in asking these by applying the policies related to that specific Relying Party;
6. the Wallet Instance asks User disclosure and consent;

> 7. the Wallet Instance presents the requested disclosure of P to the Relying Party;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. the Wallet Instance presents the requested disclosure of PID/EAAs to the Relying Party, which validates the Wallet Attestation and checks that the Wallet Provider is trusted;
```

8. the Wallet Instance informs the User about the successfull authentication with the Relying Party and give a good user experience to let the User continuing its navigation.

Detailed Protocol Flow
--------------------

In this scenario the Relying Party MUST provide the URL where the signed presentation Request Object is available for download.

Depending on whether the User is using a mobile device or a workstation, the Relying Party MUST support the following remote flows:

* **Same Device**, the Relying Party MUST provide a HTTP redirect (302) location to the Wallet Instance;
* **Cross Device**, the Relying Party MUST provide a QR Code which the User frames with the Wallet Instance.

Once the Wallet Instance establishes the trust with the Relying Party and evaluates the request, the User gives the consent for the disclosure of the Digital Credentials, in the form of a Verifiable Presentation.

Below a sequence diagram that summarizes the interactions between all the involved parties.

.. image:: ../../images/cross_device_auth_seq_diagram.svg
  :align: center

>   :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/svg/XLLTRo8t5xxthpZYlNWXIjBizWufrMRJT9FTjao1tTmW8UCvW1jZJ_qnX5RzxpssPuQX8ceK8OrzFfxdEH_-u3otFkmKuy4R7NOhj8onE-6DXS5NXtO0t45WR6LUyy7_7Vo8jHJe1l2_d-Lcwp-gWAoYE5B8YciFWsUk57fuqXHU2qmnzgScWK9TyGrgdpDmXhe4od9gDaLra7e31HqUacMDZ0Mu-e5Snl2CAvYXZN10yrfkk9T6iy2ZGOrZcE8V0Ps7mXgFmcD99yu4AoZAxIr4Gd0N_1OrvKpEC2miElhENyMMEnp1xItZmikQUum8QcmJt5kCPnmkBXovuCK5r9m4MUYL2SJ86pXI1M7CYppZRZFCPR0IR0kmnfRcRzDxKo9Cfl0udnT4ePIMsC3m-vlt8zXBlmMX92LOolAo7-mI4YXMOXyzEtBPCxQn9bG4nBYsic2qEZGYXZ7CjcOF954Beo8kiGHqkn_3f4ATRlzLTE1LTGdA2Aw0doZCzf1TPu9h2WenQdVuyEejmLleZj52znWjDDTbPhNGQsjsCNSNX7g8TP4m5eBi77WRdCywHUikCfasTMWok7Jlv4PZsPw1MVqUnUwIzOj52IiZjK_5ocdFUfFaoeDSzvsNE_HRKu9quB21LqncSyQ0_ZfebJMrBD6r0fCNBxdduCtRS6A4hikEIlGBvL5e6QiZUCLNKaalqNMEcKkeA1EMRt1wI-wJeOLVMhonS9LHKb2UpkiRMha-f0JS1ujWrhqQTFCxoHaxBwvaHDRUa-MtOkX6sI0SvtvjB0YZupmVcpuSk_VUwBMqEopx8nAEVH7haHQ4iVBFrBqKsbKn8YnqhbbTBRrvGVt6XdXeT8cqCbt9LmhXPCta09rJH_3iPDrvKZaxNXEA_DctB7BBM48e7SI5sihw4z9nygGxAiZP-EIZZGUBDQ4ghtkmcbIqjSeuprp1atC1BSpZXEMGH-oVd-SmQmlRYqBm13gNPx4BnPYbh0YcHajczBWyVNgSVve-FFpApdkC6TnlKRp0er542xxW0JvANLBl9I3aHRJflp3EaJkn9fSh28uiKgmghAWVuOKSyxgMKHUwwLFq1khSfQc2HIxMDMCmtw9k5rQwBAKJoZWiWNjlvIgGN6CgKOEJvf-axgPMKWx8es4HUCsbYfqHnof9mNgQVQtQTiYFLiC7Xlb9QITr1BrD51-BxzvTluFtDpSm-K8m_XhO_7QaTJ4OmzRxoa6mAhUoRNfxAUAY_xi_5FlJHwHzDsPyX_rdevb0JeXTXjlF6AdzrujJO_VWVPwD6-LENv2y_s4O2RPBAHF8Qeoo21d7tJdNZQon6TyK9F9rbn38ZWg4hrMgZR7WWeYTjmugOVz0Fs6d_W40

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/svg/XLNTRkCs4xtdKnpuk_YI84cpspi3AJQRfflijergUpSt1W9Q6jjiQ5BbZvoqwBjtA5goN2GeO1WGEMVcdFaPVl11kX0tMiWOh8cR1JaXn5KPhCFegoStWlI8GYpiSpxulyUFrAYI_0Z_-rcjrk6ZZYHgzgDALKiJC7gGMbF0dM7tfgJMn_RG9BAhCxaY4t84ASXKu2Y7PXFIBygiKF3XIslPa10HPpymP8m7Mc1ABj61aOrQoQ2i4L4cWuR6cD0VaNn0uMoWCb359zv6LxANoqiaGRYAOKs6OxPW71MEF7_dhs8jFHtZybB8CgX61aeC6ke2N3jAPn8d9vuXT7A2Hkf8SxEmaHK5YxrKbDO-gLVWBjDyZ4x1TGGRwcJ-Dhcs5U5-WjlPh609bNAi1aVVNxm_nbQ5DKgjEC2Zgaw7paxHaX8L3TcBlPQj42jdOyr4hEyg2slqoow9SOpfscx1AUferAmbbO1ljsFSrsJQstyL7RAkJw5jAJNaGOR55XawBQLXfqXU-yERv-2OtjpqYkPce6XkfAcoghbPEhj9iNidP2hHUw9K2BRp22xwaFEKh7lFsPJhqENCj_TUhGnLtHdiulUKx3xOi5WSiBRAXBPOEUohQ4wv3b3B8VXnGs5jAoWFJpjwnVrq9WG0zDHgPnjLaUyIp2XPoI0HxDjqaeU-omQP61GgK6bKgaufQxbGMWL5lWTcBR7cI5IzfUcDT1yCBNxf-AR2rLQhakFqg6_arFAb3I13T0Ix7DIWdz_x7B57IQqIi-wUBRyLH_uu6yJzt2-jGsbDckTzqyTzzrvRirHkGzLmH6BV5sqzsWLXdVepRuG9-JfvnDpacZNrOx1FPDxO43Uxl2HPMQwI2qquM3FPGG_g1GuBTXK2-Mn_pi7pvz2Wo9tYc9ZoI7kqo-PFnCSjak-u3gyEB6EC3N3KC9dgVC0cXqhBgafZB3Nkl8_aC4k3bLtkANz-c67QrNFWXUcLv7qUmTwL48wZ4cn3ZituJRdxT3lxDBcv-LMyZXWBNA-fVCAjrImBN-W57vMfkELQ8enYsVmhhFSCPzKCEKFqRD7wgkD2gn9F3CnRMgMyyCrGOh1eskRCXIjoZSw5m6nDfjjJxMMbVAcjfmeo1ASMCP0VSuaoppJsdEf-M1N7G9u8Hv2DL3erH9gcDXLYaBElTTS5-QtQwS5HVacw0Jt6O06bD-AxT-VlyFxY0lTVcCPV8vUVZ7PBZCPOXr1xHATp1xjTIp-MjYByFPo5xU7RqJqNKxcXWzSY3vvanZxJ7KPCqlxheMceV-S-JyUxp1q-77djuoW9x7PH5f2pSPoJa7bSlGPTgOPCXhHEabv_YiXsMeEUwxOsri77CdNUCkgM-mV-Ynlz3m00
```

Reviewer: I just renamed Wallet Instance Attestation to Wallet Attestation

In the **Same Device** and **Cross Device** Flows described in this chapter, the User interacts with a remote Relying Party.

> High level design

Author: ```suggestion
High Level Design
```

4. extracts ``discovery_uri`` if any.
  - If ``discovery_uri`` is present, then: 
    - sends the Wallet Instance Metadata to the Relying Party's ``discovery_uri`` and obtains the signed Request Object.
  - Otherwise:
    - extracts from the payload the ``request_uri`` parameter;
    - invokes the retrieved URI;
    - obtains the signed Request Object from the Relying Party.
5. Assesses the trustworthiness of the Relying Party by examining its associated Trust Chain and verifying the signature to ensure interaction with a reliable entity;
6. asks User disclosure and consent;
7. presents the requested disclosure of credentials to the Relying Party;
8. informs the User about the successfull authentication with the Relying Party and give a good user experience to let the User continuing its navigation.

Detailed Protocol Flow
--------------------

In this scenario the Relying Party MUST provide the URL where the signed presentation Request Object is available for download.

Depending on whether the User is using a mobile device or a workstation, the Relying Party

> must support the following remote flows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST support the following remote flows:
```

* **Same Device**, the Relying Party MUST provide a HTTP redirect (302) location to the Wallet Instance;
* **Cross Device**, the Relying Party MUST provide a QR Code which the User frames with the Wallet Instance.

Once the Wallet Instance establishes the trust with the Relying Party, the User gives the consent for the disclosure of the Digital Credentials, in the form of a Verifiable Presentation.

Below a sequence diagram that summarizes the interactions between all the involved parties.

.. image:: ../../images/cross_device_auth_seq_diagram.svg
  :align: center

>   :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3
```
https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3

>   :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  :target:
https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3
```

Reviewer 3: fix the new line in the MSC on the Step 23

>   :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLTKnit57tNhpZZFXIOG4dwvXaw8PG6ahQus0alp33oxhMj8ajRVQnnE_tllHUn_d1DNZopqZr7vzoFw_SnwP3ot2gTatTvFgQWb3glaW_eVOaKUj0HMQcnVoe7tqVyJAsfAFRmtQzcEaiVR2RLC8-fJADTGkzEMqi9ruxfNKN2WSLsI6QgOpqbbyeBMf6hmQziXzsINHetnO0FbnA9bfJAEFw98NtSqHX32Y87JhTcgfFnJcKj0ItrSKj_POe9W-0JLObgFea-XufPpiuWXd2UqumSl_aCni4WKEJlyZMOwKY7E3jJkagcrOb4GKlT0nU1v4pZw2WoX8wEq6gRwTwDVMP7oMDj5PNtZsOFF1IP3paOX2AG6R0mQGQDe5tjvvW4FPqp2yCx_t_SNlYQS7EBgz5emDvg4zWc3duyVNTOu9KrZ7amzPkjLvWIjOcLRoaivKJLjEbGhVqkb9e6dniMwsDNVNXdbo-9pdqCPtu1JcEdg66_KYQ-NVHnqv23tEuq1dJJl87rbRRGMrLG2nJeiDAEII6igyFBfnHOthrRcRjt6-RktQuxFfe4FoyA2vdqcnB6KeZ1pN3KoHjHDND6H5teHe-DDSbGHFA2t-O5ipJUkAHUwG-IRk3JADXlFy2eah1rszwC_wGgxPPcbOVpb2HgQqWm2ZccLSXN2cQot0dvZPAkTTBhA6rDBVIVxaOOcgdJAGVwttMdYsfy7Hp4mnAGrtedFg3oJiPddO-yReGBxoOcpAdUj9HtgY3pw8FvkmmWpsiZZEZceMqUadyazqh2BryIBlakxeqUMyBML1U23hGskAz9IvOBy8HLbC_Do47mhQafi48J8ViBVY81-8Nu-1d9TzhLU_aPutn2e9PLrISRiifJiYHg6GrjSHrZfb1gN2XVgzsQXULL54i3LYigfOBpZ99MvZ3UvTSVhqOVRoylVrVx4Ns5YnbLZxZobctXCotnmRXQ-ag4CCfFnFd0nyXmTisGO-Ge4SBLvB4r5HuPMBQZaRpmpQR5v5cED6sfuA0KwqGfZ6RakjbVZQBraMheb88PvqIn3wOiEiq4d6gEB0lM10wKjeSE1DrgOwKpP158AaXjvEnBqxL3-OzuyOE3ii6HvPxgGsmChQpW7zwUlCMxqrFSV6OP__J2oqQMNT7hOvPI4v63BQqSNdhxePAT-U_cK2nsXxwiuA6UqzO6BXEeMN4iSZTV56lVNDx5RRUqFmtx9NCxonZI_OG3CTZzYHG39Hk79Gb5n_a-wDIqv0f4I21-unjaZhCMzDH8RU03OgwayoRPFcj_ppzvRly3

Author: ```suggestion
  :target: https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/VLLDRnit4BtpLmpKGsqZTftq9i157DUDdRJrrbBYYm63ueuarXIvvSVAQj7_tXcCLbgfSYu2bfpt-DvyZDwdh6Ck2wTqoS6NnGIZKkhIv11Xy2LX781EK9IQX1Sv-3x1pzXQWsa0t_rgP_FymHLK3V5OOnljCmmUj7EOuTOJlJV87B3S3Ib4TQfdwBEye1Nw6kYLtR1xT2lhPr3HuOeZeKMb2fp-H90XFE04HXXP3dZTsfdEDdXLD0UqE8Hx_AjWob35aD5ahEaaXH8DiLnS01k2ovBdwEbDpM0ugY8c-fQlQguJ7iF5XT8csrPdP0KjTWzSHUGp3ISdYI1uSWAjTWKV_IGKSfG3RAs22U7P7e17aVbKeeKe0YLARFvnVnLgXBjxk1cFAx9GsqXkuEZ7ytV7iBHv3iPPzFd9rczso3H9g6qoeSMuuXDLOz-8sjfQAZMBeJIaAQIko12yMwtpMOOmceSbKBOwHGtPuchGxN88TmrwleMz-eDkcZVWWj4Ez4worH84EZBQ4oamw-Rm-YL7alVeD-OUVS_Sezzn9qVJ61QYKCYuhPGmShwhkz6uapT6C_UMHLtfHa-iizbYWXmOlyiBnD84wxDwfGsGYqwdYR7VVe1Gah1jTzvD_aIJzqkpoSDbpXorCmimZYNbJSXNZ7QwsWlv3REkTTRRAEripVIV7iOmiZElSudul-jE5zRmjJfAnn9Gjdgd8O89dgTacu-oROIhuASsBh3kMofxLU2n2z7-BND6Ozam8pnwQUYsUShX6Vqh2RzU9vppBUwjdZY4dU4LWYseCtYeIINB0ZmZ5VBPZwnYQ6sDaHJQ1Boc84o10tv1EjQCf3ljwuFyXF4XGyIMLDLdFLdo5E-2caT3ExXDgM2K6WlbQxNRif0yWqaQq6oeb8e-48fRcS9ePTz-l1b_lB--_bqTHWmLNCtHFCDDS6GBFkCAFbXVSr-n44A5AJklGae49zS4EOMIE8AvcZ9nri0p0MK9MiuBtVGjva1ok6cbWfKKwqmf6C_HTxE_6KKN4jQWSuvsKZAc8H2bwBHJe5HJfEnH6ocGsnvqHD2jjeuxWnS1fm9LBsTVcguTvAzWxGUEP553uNkiZw4tjBo2VtXxzXRUdP_3tMUIySyWhZSoxuh14EOvDmbATDBASTtRJuPtvh_zeLZk3xsiu95UuCu6bWdKf3Y9tFwBREsRorlSTalxqsWecTjRnf0ogpXYWzsVY1YGR1nB4aJ7vI7epBRe1S8am7xJ6oWKvnpWIyErWH0X5SETDorEiVRtz5CMxZy0
```

Author: @asharif1990 your suggestion was integrated in mine, here, where I found another little error.

  * - **Id**
    - **Description**
  * - **1**, **2**
    - The User requests to access to a protected resource, the Relying Party redirects the User to a discovery page in which the User selects the *Login with the Wallet* button. The Authorization flow starts.
  * - **3**, **4**,

>     - The Relying Party provides to the Wallet Instance the where a generic signed Authorization Request Object is available for download and the ``discovery_uri``  where the Wallet Instance can provide its technical capabilities to the Relying Party. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party provides the Wallet Instance with a URL where a generic signed Authorization Request Object can be downloaded and the ''discovery_uri'' where the Wallet Instance can provide technical capabilities to the Relying Party. 
```

  * - **5**, **6**, **7**, **8**, **9**
    - In the **Cross Device Flow**: the Request URI is provided in the form of a QR Code that is shown to the User. The User frames the QRCode with the Wallet Instance and extracts  ``client_id``, ``request_uri`` and ``discovery_uri``. In the **Same Device Flow** the Relying Party provide the same information of the Cross-Device flow but in the form of HTTP Redirect Location (302). 
  * - **10**
    - The Wallet Instance provides its metadata to the Relying Party, informing it about some features and limitations of its implementations.
  * - **11**
    - The Relying Party evaluates the Wallet Instance capabilities and produces a signed Request Object compliant to the Wallet capabilities.
  * - **12**
    - The Relying Party responds with a signed Request Object. The ``exp`` value of the signed Request Object MUST NOT be greater than 240 seconds.
  * - **13**, **14**, **15**, **16**

>     - The Wallet Instance verifies the Request Object JWS. The Wallet Instance attests the trust to the Relying Party by verifying the Trust Chain related to it. The Wallet Instance verifies the signature of the request and processes the Relying Party metadata to attest its capabilities and allowed scopes, attesting which Verifiable Credentials and personal attributes the Relying Party is granted to request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The Request Object JWS is verified by the Wallet Instance. Following that, it validates the related Trust Chain to demonstrate trust to the Relying Party. It attests to its capabilities and eligible scopes by verifying the request's signature and processing the Relying Party metadata. This method additionally verifies whose Verifiable Credentials and personal attributes the Relying Party is granted to request.
```

  * - **17**, **18**
    - The Wallet Instance requests the User's consent for the release of the credentials. The User authorizes and consents the presentation of their credentials, by selecting/deselecting the personal data to release.
  * - **19**
    - The Wallet Instance provides the Authorization Response to the Relying Party using an HTTP request with the method POST (response mode "direct_post").
  * - **20**, **21**, **22**, **23** and **24**

>     - The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Instance Attestation to establish the trust with the Wallet Solution. Then extract the Digital Credential and attests the trust to the Credentials Issuer and the proof of possession of the Wallet Instance about the presented Digital Credential. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of the presented Credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Attestation to establish the trust with the Wallet Solution. Then extract the Digital Credential and attests the trust to the Credentials Issuer and the proof of possession of the Wallet Instance about the presented Digital Credential. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of the presented Credential.
```

  * - **25**, **26**, **27** and **28**
    - The Relying Party provides to the Wallet a redirect URI with a response code to be used by the Wallet to finalize the authentication.
  * - **29**
    - The User is informed by the Wallet Instance that the Autentication succeded, then the protected resource is made available.

Discovery endpoint
------------------

The Relying Party SHOULD provide a discovery endpoint where the Wallet Instance 
can inform the Relying Party about its technical capabilities.

This feature can be useful when, for example, the Wallet Instance supports 
a restricted set of features, supported algorithms or custom url-schemes for 

> its authorization_endpoint, and other information that it deems necessary to 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
its ``authorization_endpoint``, and other information that it deems necessary to 
```

> share with the Relying Party before it issues the request signed authorization.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
share with the Relying Party before it issues the signed Authorization Request Object.
```

.. warning::
    The Wallet Instance, when providing its technical capabilities to the 

>     Relying Party, MUST not include any user information or other explicit 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Relying Party, MUST NOT include any user information or other explicit 
```

  * - **client_id**
    - Unique identifier of the Relying Party.
  * - **request_uri**
    - The HTTPs URL where the Relying Party provides the signed Request Object to the Wallet Instance. 
    
    

> .. This is under discussion: The URL is intentionally extended with a random URI fragment value, that uniquely identifies the transaction. Eg: `https://relying-party.example.org/request_uri#that-random-fragment-we-mentioned`. It is RECOMMENDED that the length of the random fragment value is longer than 12 characters.

Reviewer: @peppelinux why did you put a comment here?

Reviewer: this will probably hide the text below as well

> .. This is under discussion: The URL is intentionally extended with a random URI fragment value, that uniquely identifies the transaction. Eg: `https://relying-party.example.org/request_uri#that-random-fragment-we-mentioned`. It is RECOMMENDED that the length of the random fragment value is longer than 12 characters.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    HTTP/1.1 /pre-authz-endpoint Found
    Location: https://wallet-providers.eudi.wallet.gov.it?
    client_id=https%3A%2F%2Frelying-party.example.org%2Fcb
    &request_uri=https%3A%2F%2Frelying-party.example.org%2Frequest_uri
    &discovery_uri=https%3A%2F%2Frelying-party.example.org%2Fdiscovery_uri

> In the **Cross Device Flow**, a QR Code is shown by the Relying Party to the User in order to provide the Authorization Request. The User frames the QR Code using their Wallet Instance.

Reviewer 4: I have some doubts here. Base64 was introduced because if the QR code is mistakenly scanned with the camera app (as usually happens) the presence of a URL like `haip://` could trigger the opening of some unwanted deep link or cause the appearance an error message on the OS side. So my advice is to always leave the encoding in `base64` so that the QR code can be interpreted correctly exclusively by the wallet instance.
​

Author: During the workshop in Rome we have faced this issue

@torsten and Paul Bastien pointed out to us that it is necessary that the QRcode payload must be in clear text and not base64, otherwise we lose in terms of interoperability with other wallet solutions

Reviewer 4: I don't think base64 creates an interoperability problem if everyone follows the same rules. How do we plan to solve the problem that anyone could register that deep link and therefore the operating system could redirect traffic to apps that are not wallet instances? If we want something textplain (which is also compatible with the same device flow) I aim for a universal link that is managed by a central entity (like trust anchor)

Author: according to our chat, it seems that this aspect is now resolved with the achievement of the agreement that the QRCode payload is in plain text and not base64 encoded and with the usage of the universal links instead of the custom url scheme

Redirect URI
------------

When the Relying Party provides the redirect URI, the Wallet MUST send the user-agent to this redirect URI. The redirect URI allows the Relying Party to continue the interaction with the End-User on the device where the Wallet resides after the Wallet has sent the Authorization Response to the response URI.

The Relying Party MUST include a response code withing the redirect URI. The response code is a fresh, cryptographically random number used to ensure only the receiver of the redirect can fetch and process the Authorization Response. The number could be added as a path component, as a parameter or as a fragment to the URL. It is RECOMMENDED to use a cryptographic random value of 128 bits or more at the time of the writing of this specification.

The following is a non-normative example of the response from the Relying Party  to the Wallet upon receiving the Authorization Response at the Response Endpoint.

.. code-block:: http

  HTTP/1.1 200 OK
  Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

  {
    "redirect_uri": "https://relying-party.example.org/cb#response_code=091535f699ea575c7937fa5f0f454aee"
  }

> 

Reviewer 4: what is the response obtained when the Wallet Instance makes a call to the `redirect_uri`?

Author: good catch, I'll provide guidance here

Author: Done!
